# StudyHacking

## Web Exploitation:

### Introduction:

* The Web Application Hacker's Handbook: Finding and Exploiting Security Flaws 2nd Edition
https://www.amazon.com/dp/1118026470/ref=rdr_ext_tmb

* OWASP Top Ten Project
https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:OWASP_Top_Ten_Project

* OWASP Testing Project
https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Testing_Project

* Web Hacking 101
https://leanpub.com/web-hacking-101

* JWT, JWS and JWE for Not So Dummies! (Part I)
https://medium.facilelogin.com/jwt-jws-and-jwe-for-not-so-dummies-b63310d201a3

* OAuth 2.0 : Explained
https://medium.com/@milinddaftari/oauth-2-0-explained-d001e5c98ee7

* Overview of SAML
https://developers.onelogin.com/saml

* Cryptography Tutorial
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cryptography/index.htm

* REST API Tutorial
https://restfulapi.net/

* [Code Audit] List of PHP risk function
https://securityonline.info/code-audit-list-php-risk-function/

* Linux Essentials For Hackers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0Db6dVYyoA&list=PLBf0hzazHTGMh2fe2MFf3lCgk0rKmS2by


### Tools:

* Kali Linux
https://www.kali.org/

* The Parrot System
https://parrotlinux.org/

* VMware Workstation Player
https://my.vmware.com/en/web/vmware/free#desktop_end_user_computing/vmware_workstation_player/15_0

* Amazon EC2
https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/?nc2=h_ql_prod_fs_ec2

* ngrok - secure introspectable tunnels to localhost
https://ngrok.com/

* The Collaboration Platform for API Development
https://www.getpostman.com/

* The world's leading software development platform Â· GitHub
https://github.com/

* THE WORLD'S LARGEST WEB DEVELOPER SITE
https://www.w3schools.com/

* Python Tutorial
https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_intro.asp

* Burp Suite Community Edition
https://portswigger.net/burp/communitydownload

* How to Use Wireshark: Comprehensive Tutorial + Tips
https://www.varonis.com/blog/how-to-use-wireshark/

* Best #firefox addons for #Hacking
https://twitter.com/cry__pto/status/1210836734331752449

* swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings
https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings

* Reverse Shell Cheat Sheet
http://pentestmonkey.net/cheat-sheet/shells/reverse-shell-cheat-sheet

* danielmiessler/SecLists
https://github.com/danielmiessler/SecLists

* fuzzdb-project/fuzzdb
https://github.com/fuzzdb-project/fuzzdb

* EXPLOIT DATABASE BY OFFENSIVE SECURITY
https://www.exploit-db.com/

* ehrishirajsharma/SwiftnessX
https://github.com/ehrishirajsharma/SwiftnessX/releases


### Practices:

* PortSwigger - Web Security Academy
https://portswigger.net/web-security

* BUGCROWD UNIVERSITY
https://www.bugcrowd.com/hackers/bugcrowd-university/

* HACKER101 - LEARN HOW TO HACK
https://www.hackerone.com/hacker101

* OWASP Broken Web Applications Project
https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Broken_Web_Applications_Project

* PentesterLab
https://pentesterlab.com/

* Root Me : Hacking and Information Security learning platform
https://www.root-me.org/?page=news&lang=en


### Reference:

* https://pentester.land/

* https://medium.com/bugbountywriteup/bug-bounty-hunting-methodology-toolkit-tips-tricks-blogs-ef6542301c65

* https://twitter.com/search?q=%23bugbounty&src=saved_search_click
#BugBounty, #bugbountytips, #bugbountytip, #whitehat, #infosec

* https://github.com/ngalongc/bug-bounty-reference

* https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCa6eh7gCkpPo5XXUDfygQQA

* https://www.youtube.com/user/yaworsk1

* https://www.hackingarticles.in/web-penetration-testing/

* https://securityonline.info/category/penetration-testing/webapp-pentest/

* https://github.com/ibr2/pwk-cheatsheet

* https://medium.com/bugbountywriteup

* https://www.amazon.com/Penetration-Testing-Hands-Introduction-Hacking/dp/1593275641

* https://twitter.com/Unknownuser1806/status/1214555943297409030


### Bugbounty:
* https://www.hackerone.com/

* https://www.bugcrowd.com/

* https://www.paypal.com/hk/webapps/mpp/account-selection?pros=1&locale.x=zh_HK
